Updated README (#12)
dvci/ddcc-compliance-testing-framework: README.md

| AUTH_HEADER            | Optional Authorization header for requests.                                           | null                  |
| VALIDATOR_SERVICE_URL  | Optional FHIR Validator Service url. If not provided, will skip validator test steps. | null                  |
| MOCK_PORT              | If running in test mode, port to run mock server.                                     | null                  |

## Validation Details

For each of the defined transactions, the follow elements are validated using Gherkin test scenarios:

- Response status code
- Profile validation using the FHIR validator
- Additional content validation that aligns with the transaction specifications, using the [PactumJS API Testing Tool](https://pactumjs.github.io/#/)
- Response creates resource at specified location (if applicable for the transaction)
- Error conditions are satisfied (if applicable for the transaction)

## Transaction Details

### DDCC:VS Generation Service

#### Submit Health Event

> This transaction submits a Health Event Request consisting of a batch Bundle of [Parameters](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCGenerateHealthCertificateParameters.html) for the [Generate Health Certificate Operation](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/OperationDefinition-DDCC-QuestionnaireResponse-generateHealthCertificate.html). The transaction returns a Submit Health Event Response consisting of a batch-response FHIR Bundle. To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Submit Health Event workflow in the WHO specification](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#submit-health-event).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction submits a Health Event Request consisting of a batch Bundle of [Parameters](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCGenerateHealthCertificateParameters.html) for the [Generate Health Certificate Operation](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/OperationDefinition-DDCC-QuestionnaireResponse-generateHealthCertificate.html). The transaction returns a Submit Health Event Response consisting of a batch-response FHIR Bundle. To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Submit Health Event workflow in the WHO DDCC:VS Implementation Guide](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#submit-health-event).
```

Reviewer: I think this is the official, more specific name of the spec, according to https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/index.html#home

#### Generate Health Certificate

This FHIR operation accepts a set of immunization data elements via a [FHIR Parameters resource](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCGenerateHealthCertificateParameters.html) and returns [DDCCDocument resource](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCDocument.html) as the response.
To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Generate Health Certificate OperationDefinition](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/OperationDefinition-DDCC-QuestionnaireResponse-generateHealthCertificate.html).

The following assertions are made for this transaction:

- Valid Transaction: When a valid Generate Health Certificate Request is sent via POST to `[base]/QuestionnaireResponse/$generateHealthCertificate`, the response should:
  - Return 201 status.
  - Return a valid [DDCCDocument resource](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCDocument.html) as the response body.

> - Invalid Transaction (422 Error): When a Generate Health Certificate Request is sent via POST to `[base]/QuestionnaireResponse/$generateHealthCertificate` that does not conform to the [DCCCGenerateHealthCertificateParameters profile](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCGenerateHealthCertificateParameters.html), the response should return 422 status.

Reviewer: Feel free to re-word, but we should mention something about expecting the response to have a signature, since this isn't necessarily required just by the profile validation.

### DDCC:VS Registry Service

#### Register Health Certificate

> This transaction is called by the Generate Health Certificate service when a new Submit Health Event is accepted. The request consists of a [DDCC Provide Document Bundle](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCProvideDocumentBundle.html), and the response is a transaction bundle. The transaction is based on the [MHD Provide Document Bundle transaction](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/MHD/ITI-65.html#2365412-message-semantics). To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Register Health Certificate workflow in the WHO specification](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#register-health-certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction is called by the Generate Health Certificate service when a new Submit Health Event is accepted. The request consists of a [DDCC Provide Document Bundle](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCProvideDocumentBundle.html), and the response is a transaction bundle. The transaction is based on the [MHD Provide Document Bundle transaction](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/MHD/ITI-65.html#2365412-message-semantics). To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Register Health Certificate workflow in the WHO DDCC:VS Implementation Guide](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#register-health-certificate).
```

The following assertions are made for this transaction:

- Valid Transaction: When a valid Register Health Certicate Request is sent via POST to `[base]`, the response should:
  - Return 200 status.
  - Return a transaction bundle that has at least one entry for each entry in the request, in the same order, with an entry response location.
- Invalid Transactions:

>   - 400 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]` that fails the basic FHIR validation rules, the response should return 400 status.

Reviewer: A short note somewhere explaining what `[base]` refers to could be nice, especially since the service can technically be different depending on the transaction.

>   - 422 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]` that does not conform to the [DDCC Provide Document Bundle profile](http://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition/DDCCProvideDocumentBundle), the response should return 422 status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 422 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]` that does not conform to the [DDCC Provide Document Bundle profile](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCProvideDocumentBundle.html), the response should return 422 status.
```

### DDCC:VS Repository Service

#### Store Health Certificate

> This transaction is called by the Generate Health Certificate service when a new Submit Health Event is accepted. The transaction stores the resulting [DDCC Document](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCDocument.html). To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Store Health Certificate workflow in the WHO specification](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#store-health-certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction is called by the Generate Health Certificate service when a new Submit Health Event is accepted. The transaction stores the resulting [DDCC Document](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCDocument.html). To learn more about this transaction, refer to the [Store Health Certificate workflow in the WHO DDCC:VS Implementation Guide](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/transactions.html#store-health-certificate).
```

The following assertions are made for this transaction:

- Valid Transaction: When a valid Store Health Certificate Request is sent via POST to `[base]/Bundle`, the response should:
  - Return 201 status.
  - Return a `Location` header that is appropriately populated for the created resource.
- Invalid Transactions
  - 400 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]/Bundle` that fails the basic FHIR validation rules, the response should return 400 status.
  - 404 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]/Bundle` with a JSON body that contains an invalid resource type, or a POST request is sent to an invalid endpoint, the response should return 404 status.

>   - 422 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]/Bundle` that does not conform to the [DDCC Document profile](http://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition/DDCCDocument), the response should return 422 status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 422 Error: When a POST request is sent to `[base]/Bundle` that does not conform to the [DDCC Document profile](https://worldhealthorganization.github.io/ddcc/StructureDefinition-DDCCDocument.html), the response should return 422 status.
```
